A match takes place across 5 playable screens with final victory screens for either team
at the end.

These playable screens represent skirmishes or battles in the larger war.

Winning a skirmish advances one screen towards the opposing team's last stand.
Winning on the opposing team's last stand screen wins the match.

Screens or Battles consist of several key elements:

Winning conditions:
  Eliminate all the other team's lives ( Killer )
  Push the golem all the way to other team's side ( Summoner )
  Collect N resources and feed them to your war machine ( Forager )

WINNING
  The winning team gets a chance to choose a buff per-player that is permanentaly applied
  to their character for the remainder of the match.
  Buffs are applied everyframe by the BuffSystem and modify the character's stats in various ways.

Each screen has a short 3-second countdown at the beginning and then combat begins.

Each screen has a "title card" that appears over the screen during the pregame countdown.

Players burst out of their corresponding "egg" at the match start.

SPELL FLOWERS
There are regions of the map where spell flowers may fall.
These flowers fall from the sky as Pollen.
When they hit the ground they spawn a Sprout.
After N seconds, the sprout becomes a SpellFlowerBud
Killing a SpellFlowerBud will cause it to burst open.
Spell Shards fly out of the burst SpellFlowerBud and the bud becomes an open Spell Flower.
The Spell Flower lingers on the map for 3 seconds and then shrinks into the ground and is gone.

PLAYERS
Each Player has a small UI that hovers over their heads consisting of the following components:
  Name
  HP pips
  Energy
  Spell Shard Stack
  Resource Pips

Each Player has the following state:
  Name
  HP
  Energy
  Spell Shard Stack
  MoveSpeed

RESOURCE BEARERS
Resource Bearers are small NPCs that hold Resources prominently over their heads.
They enter the screen from various off-screen spawnpoints and have one of two possible
behaviors: Territory roamer, Path-follower.
They typically stay on-screen for ~10 seconds before wandering off screen once again.
They do not collide with eachother or the player to prevent tedious interactions from bogging
down gameplay. They will however attempt to navigate the terrain in a believable way.

If you "kill" a resource bearer, they will drop their resource which will then begin to hover and follow
the player that killed them.

If that player is killed, they will drop all of the resources that are currently
following them where they may be picked up by other players.

If a player reaches their WarMachine carrying resources, these resources will be thrown into the war machine.

WAR MACHINE AND GOLEM

Each team has a war machine at one side of the battlefield. This war machine has an abstract "bell" on it
which may be struck by any player. Ringing this bell will wake up the golem and start it marching towards the
sound. The golem marches for 10 seconds before it falls asleep once again and stops moving.

Each player is powered by a Controller. This may be a "slot" that is driven by input devices and a human
player or it could be an AI that issues commands to the character.

Match Setup determines what players are associated with various controllers and what team they are on.
This data is passed along to the match at match-start and is used to determine how to spawn players on each
team.

Input-handling:

Inputs will be fed to a controller for each player.